docs: add developer_README.md for setup instructions. (#64)
ericmjl/llamabot: docs/developer_README.md

# LlamaBot: A Pythonic bot interface to LLMs

This is a `developer` README for LlamaBot.

LlamaBot implements a Pythonic interface to LLMs,
making it much easier to experiment with LLMs in a Jupyter notebook
and build Python apps that utilize LLMs.
All models supported by [LiteLLM](https://github.com/BerriAI/litellm) are supported by LlamaBot.

## Setting up your developer environment

Make sure that you have followed the [README.md](../README.md) before jumping on the next steps.

## Creating a Conda virtual environment

It is recommended to have [Conda](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html) available on your system.

```bash
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

After the conda environment creation, you may need to do run the following commands.

```bash
conda activate llamabot 
```

> The following command will install all your pip dependencies

Reviewer: Could you add a blank line after this line please? This would fit with markdownlint's style guide.

Author: Done.

```bash
pip install -e .

> ```

Reviewer: Could you add in one more section as well please? This is about the pre-commit hooks, which will check for any issues before committing code. I forgot to ask everyone to do it, but within the activated conda environment, one can do `pre-commit install` to install the hooks, so that they get checked locally rather than on CI/CD.

Author: Yes, I have added the section now.

## Configuring your downloaded model

If you are using a local model, you may need to update the `DEFAULT_LANGUAGE_MODEL` to your local model path

> at [config.py](../llamabot/config.py).

Reviewer: Thanks for bringing up this point on configuration, @anujsinha3!

While the spirit is correct, I think I would avoid directly editing the source file, as the intended way for configuration to be done is to use:

```bash
llamabot configure default-model --model-name "ollama/mistral"
```

If the edit happens in the source `config.py` file, then it may be committed to source, and that will become the default configuration on new releases. As a default chosen by us, it should be something both accessible but also stable over time, so it's safer to avoid editing `config.py` unless there is a good reason for a change.

Author: Understood, Thanks! Updated.

> this could be something similar to "ollama/<your_model>" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This could be something similar to "ollama/<your_model>" 
```

Author: Done.

For Llama3: (ex. "ollama/llama3")  

> For Mistral: (ex. "ollama/mistral")

Reviewer: Could you make these two lines bullet points please?

Author: Done.

OR

You could also pass the language model as an argument when extending/creating your own model from the
[SimpleBot](../llamabot/bot/simplebot.py) api.

> Example: 

Reviewer: Could you add a blank line after this line please?

Author: Done.

making it much easier to experiment with LLMs in a Jupyter notebook
and build Python apps that utilize LLMs.
All models supported by [LiteLLM](https://github.com/BerriAI/litellm) are supported by LlamaBot.

## Setting up your developer environment

Make sure that you have followed the [README.md](../README.md) before jumping on the next steps.

## Creating a Conda virtual environment

It is recommended to have [Conda](https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html) available on your system.

```bash
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

After the conda environment creation, you may need to run the following commands.

```bash
conda activate llamabot
```

The following command will install all your pip dependencies

```bash
pip install -e .
```

## Installing pre-commit hook

It is recommended to install and use the [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) hook if you plan to commit this project.
This will check for any issues before committing your code. It is also one of the recommended developers' best practices.

The following command will install pre-commit in your virtual environment.

```bash
pre-commit install
```

> Now before you commit your changes, you may run the following command and resolve any issues that come up.
> 
> ```bash
> pre-commit run
> ```

Reviewer: Thanks for adding! There is one final change that I can see needing. Putting it below as a suggestion to make it easy for you to add it in:

```suggestion
Now before you commit your changes,
pre-commit will automatically run code checks for you.
If there are any issues that pre-commit finds,
such as missing line breaks or others,
please make the appropriate changes and re-commit the files.
```

Author: Updated.
